[IMP] Payroll: updating configuration doc for 17 (#7337)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/payroll.rst

payslips.

Settings
========

To access the *Settings*, go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Settings`. The various
settings for accounting, localizations, time off, alerts, and payslip settings are specified here.

Accounting
----------

The accounting section of the configuration menu relates to three options:

- :guilabel:`Payroll Entries`: enable this option to post payroll slips in accounting.
- :guilabel:`Payroll SEPA`: enable this option to create SEPA payments.
- :guilabel:`Batch Account Move Lines`: enable this option to have a single account move line
  created from all the accounting entries from the same period. This disables the generation of
  single payments.

Localizations
-------------

*Localizations* are country-specific settings pre-configured in Odoo at the creation of the
database, and account for all taxes, fees, and allowances for that particular country. The
:guilabel:`Localization` section of the :guilabel:`Settings` may include specific settings that need
to be set for the specific locality, and a detailed view of all benefits provided to employees.

> Depending on the localization setting set for the database, what is shown in this section varies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is shown in this section varies depending on the localization enabled for the database.
```

specified here.

Accounting
----------

The accounting section of the configuration menu relates to three options:

- :guilabel:`Payroll Entries`: enable this option to post payroll slips in accounting.
- :guilabel:`Payroll SEPA`: enable this option to create SEPA payments.
- :guilabel:`Batch Account Move Lines`: enable this option to have a single account move line
  created from all the accounting entries from the same period. This disables the generation of
  single payments.

Localizations
-------------

*Localizations* are country-specific settings pre-configured in Odoo at the creation of the
database, and account for all taxes, fees, and allowances for that particular country. The
:guilabel:`Localization` section of the :guilabel:`Settings` may include specific settings that need
to be set for the specific locality, and a detailed view of all benefits provided to employees. What
is shown in this section varies depending on the localization enabled for the database.

Any country-specific localizations are set up in the :guilabel:`Localization` section of the
:guilabel:`Settings` screen. All localization items are pre-populated when the country is specified

> during the creation of the database.

Author: True! I guess I thought I needed to s-p-e-l-l it out further =D

   :alt: A new contract template form, with the fields filled in.

Salary information tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Wage Type`: select either :guilabel:`Fixed Wage` or :guilabel:`Hourly Wage` from the
  drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Schedule Pay`: using the drop-down menu, select how often the employee is paid. Options
  include :guilabel:`Annually`, :guilabel:`Semi-annually`, :guilabel:`Quarterly`,
  :guilabel:`Bi-monthly`, :guilabel:`Monthly`, :guilabel:`Semi-monthly`, :guilabel:`Bi-weekly`,
  :guilabel:`Weekly`, or :guilabel:`Daily`.
- :guilabel:`Wage`: enter the gross wage. The time period presented in this field is based on what
  is selected for the :guilabel:`Scheduled Pay` field. It is recommended to populate the
  :guilabel:`Yearly Cost (Real)` field *first*, since that entry updates this field automatically.
- :guilabel:`Yearly Cost (Real)`: enter the total yearly cost the employee costs the employer. When
  this value is entered, the :guilabel:`Monthly Cost (Real)` is automatically updated.
- :guilabel:`Monthly Cost (Real)`: this field is **not** editable. The value is automatically
  populated after the :guilabel:`Yearly Cost (Real)` is entered.

> .. important::
>     The :guilabel:`Schedule Pay`, :guilabel:`Wage`, and :guilabel:`Yearly Cost (Real)` fields are
>     all linked. If any of these fields are updated, the other two fields automatically update to
>     reflect the change. It is best practice to check these three fields if any modifications have
>     been made, to ensure they are accurate.

Reviewer 2: Scoot the text in the admonition back a space please :)
```suggestion
.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Schedule Pay`, :guilabel:`Wage`, and :guilabel:`Yearly Cost (Real)` fields are all
   linked. If any of these fields are updated, the other two fields automatically update to reflect
   the change. It is best practice to check these three fields if any modifications have been made,
   to ensure they are accurate.
```

  this value is entered, the :guilabel:`Monthly Cost (Real)` is automatically updated.
- :guilabel:`Monthly Cost (Real)`: this field is not able to be edited. The value is automatically
  populated after the :guilabel:`Yearly Cost (Real)` is entered.

.. important::
    The :guilabel:`Schedule Pay`, :guilabel:`Wage`, and :guilabel:`Yearly Cost (Real)` fields are
    all linked. If any of these fields is updated, the other two fields automatically update to
    reflect what was changed. It is best practice to check these three fields if any modifications
    have been made, to ensure they are accurate.

.. image:: payroll/salary-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The salary information tab, with the fields filled in.

Pre-tax benefits and post-tax deductions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Depending on the localization settings set for the company, the entries presented in this section
will either vary, or may not appear at all. For example, some entires may pertain to retirement
accounts, health insurance benefits, and commuter benefits. Enter any information requested in this

> section.

Author: I re-wrote it so it makes more sense. The section felt too short without it.

Reporting section
*****************

- :guilabel:`Unforeseen Absence`: if the work entry should be visible on the unforeseen absences
  report, check this box.

> .. image:: payroll/new-work-entry.png

Reviewer 3: It's unclear to me why the title is boxed in red on the screenshot.

Also a general comment about images: it appears the compression is pretty aggressive for most of these screenshots in the doc. Some are barely legible, can you take a look?

Author: I agree- I retook a bunch of these images. I ended up zooming in more and cropping some things that were blank/not filled in so I could get a smaller image/field. The one that I just can't get much better is this one, since it's almost the entire screen, and I was trying to get all the info in the shot.

The smaller the section I need, the better I can make it look since I can zoom in nice. But when it's zoomed out and I need a big chunk. it always looks super blurry and I can't get it crisper. If you look at the others, I was able to zoom in more and crop more, which ended up with a sharper image

For images like the working schedules- I cropped it at Wednesday, which makes for a much sharper image. Even though it doesn't show the whole week, I felt it showed enough to convey the idea. I thought about having a note saying 'the image does not display the full schedule for the whole week' but I didn't think that was a good precedent.

> contracts and work entries are found in this list.

Author: I searched for all of them, since it wasn't in the original doc. I think I caught all of them!

Working schedules
-----------------

To view the currently configured working schedules, go to :menuselection:`Payroll app -->
Configuration --> Work Entries --> Working Schedules`. The working schedules that are available for
an employee's contracts and work entries are found in this list.

Working schedules are company-specific. Each company **must** identify each type of working schedule
they use. If the database is created for only one company, the company column is not available.

> .. Example::

Reviewer 2: Lowercase E please 
```suggestion
.. example::
```

   :alt: List of all currently configured structure types available to use.

New structure type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To make a new structure type, click the :guilabel:`New` button and a structure type form appears.
Enter the information in the fields. Most fields are pre-populated, but all the fields can be
modified.

- :guilabel:`Structure Type`: enter the name for the new structure type, such as `Employee` or
  `Worker`.
- :guilabel:`Country`: select the country that the new structure type applies to from the drop-down
  menu.

> - :guilabel:`Wage Type`: select what type of wage the new structure type will use, either

Author: I checked with both a 17,0, and a 17.1 (even though I used 17.0 for this doc) as well as my test DB, and they all say "Wage Type" not "Default Wage Type". Since I checked in 3 places, I assume when you saw that, something was done to the DB. This does seem to be the standard, from triple checking.

  :guilabel:`Fixed Wage` or :guilabel:`Hourly Wage`. If the wage type is going to be used for
  salaried employees who receive the same wage every pay period, select :guilabel:`Fixed Wage`. If
  the wage type is going to be used for employees who receive wages based on how many hours they
  worked during a pay period, select :guilabel:`Hourly Wage`.
- :guilabel:`Default Scheduled Pay`: select the typical pay schedule for the new structure type from
  the drop-down menu. Options are :guilabel:`Monthly`, :guilabel:`Quarterly`,
  :guilabel:`Semi-annually`, :guilabel:`Annually`, :guilabel:`Weekly`, :guilabel:`Bi-weekly`,

>   :guilabel:`Bi-monthly`. This indicates how often this specific type of structure is paid out.

Author: Hi KSC- I checked and the doc says this list, in order, above. I checked in both my blank test DB and a runbot- and I see these 9 options in the same order. I don't see anything to change, just confirming this is correct.

- :guilabel:`Default Working Hours`: select the default working hours for the new structure type
  from the drop-down menu. All available working hours for the currently selected company appear in
  the drop-down menu. The default working hours that are pre-configured in Odoo is the
  :guilabel:`Standard 40 hours/week` option. If the needed working hours do not appear in the list,
  a :ref:`new set of default working hours can be created <new-default-working-hours>`.
- :guilabel:`Regular Pay Structure`: type in the name for the regular pay structure.
- :guilabel:`Default Work Entry Type`: select the default type of work entry the new structure type
  will fall under from the drop-down menu. Options include :guilabel:`Attendance`,
  :guilabel:`Overtime Hours`, :guilabel:`Generic Time Off`, :guilabel:`Compensatory Time Off`,
  :guilabel:`Home Working`, :guilabel:`Unpaid`, :guilabel:`Sick Time Off`, :guilabel:`Paid Time

>   Off`, :guilabel:`Out Of Contract`, :guilabel:`Extra Hours`, and :guilabel:`Long Term Time Off`.

Author: Hi KSC- I double checked this, and updated this so it is more clear. The 11 options I listed are the default before any localizations are selected/loaded. After inputting a localization, there are a lot more options based on the local tax laws/working laws, whatever they are called. So those are added to the DB after selecting a location. In my "bare bones" DB (it has enough in there to be thought of as a basic DB in my opinion) these are what will always appear for everyone. But good note- I updated it to reflect this.

end of year bonus. Both the `Regular Pay` structure and `End of Year Bonus` structure are structures
within the `Employee` structure type.

The different structure types can be seen by navigating to :menuselection:`Payroll app -->
Configuration --> Salary --> Structure Types`.

> There are two default structure types configured in Odoo: *Employee* and *Worker*. Typically,
> *Employee* is used for salaried employees, which is why the wage type is *Monthly Fixed Wage*, and

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
There are two default structure types configured in Odoo: :guilabel:`Employee` and
:guilabel:`Worker`.

Typically, :guilabel:`Employee` is used for salaried employees, which is why the :guilabel:`Wage
Type` is :guilabel:`Monthly Fixed Wage`.

:guilabel:`Worker` is typically used for employees paid by the hour, so the :guilabel:`Wage Type` of
:guilabel:`Hourly Wage` is used. 
```
I included the line (currently in 414) in this comment, as it was greyed-out, and unable to leave a comment on. Just as a blanket note: make sure that anything mentioned about something that appears on the UI has a GUI label on it. Thanks! 👍

   :alt: List of all currently configured structure types available to use.

New structure type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To make a new structure type, click the :guilabel:`New` button, and a blank structure type form
appears.

Proceed to enter information in the fields. Most fields are pre-populated, but all the fields can be
modified.

- :guilabel:`Structure Type`: enter the name for the new structure type, such as `Employee` or
  `Worker`.
- :guilabel:`Country`: select the country that the new structure type applies to from the drop-down
  menu.
- :guilabel:`Wage Type`: select what type of wage the new structure type uses, either
  :guilabel:`Fixed Wage` or :guilabel:`Hourly Wage`.

>   If the wage type is to be used for salaried employees, who receive the same wage every pay period,
>   select :guilabel:`Fixed Wage`.
> 
>   If the wage type is to be used for employees, who receive wages based on how many hours they
>   worked during a pay period, select :guilabel:`Hourly Wage`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  If the type is to be used for salaried employees, who receive the same wage every pay period,
  select :guilabel:`Fixed Wage`.

  If the type is to be used for employees, who receive wages based on how many hours they
  worked during a pay period, select :guilabel:`Hourly Wage`.
```

Working Hours` field on the new structure type form. Click :guilabel:`Create and edit`. A default
working hours form will pop up. The default working hours form has two sections, a general

> information section and a tab listing out all the individual working hours by day and time. When the

Author: I *think* I understand this suggestion. One issue is when the edits are done, line numbers change. I think you mean to add the last 2 sentences from the next edit to this section since it also applies? If I did not read this suggestion correctly, please let me know!

  and clear to understand, such as `Standard 20 Hours/Week`.
- :guilabel:`Company`: select the company that can use these new default working hours from the
  drop-down menu. Keep in mind, working hours are company-specific, and cannot be shared between
  companies. Each company needs to have their own working hours set.
- :guilabel:`Average Hour Per Day`: the average hours per day field is auto-populated, based on the
  working hours configured in the :guilabel:`Working Hours` tab. This entry affects resource
  planning, since the average daily hours affect what resources can be used, and in what quantity,
  per work day.
- :guilabel:`Timezone`: select the time zone to be used for the new default working hours from the
  drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Company Full Time`: enter the number of hours per week an employee would need to work
  to be considered a full-time employee. Typically, this is approximately 40 hours, and this number
  affects what types of benefits an employee can receive, based on their employment status
  (full-time vs part-time).
- :guilabel:`Work Time Rate`: this percentage is auto-generated based on the entry for the

>   :guilabel:`Company Full Time` and the working hours configured in the *Working Hours* tab. This

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Company Full Time` and the working hours configured in the :guilabel:`Working Hours`
  tab. This
```

  number should be between `0.00%` and `100%`, so if the percentage is above `100%`, it is an
  indication that the working times and/or :guilabel:`Company Full Time` hours need adjustment.
- :guilabel:`Working Hours` Tab: this tab is where each day's specific working hours are listed.

>   When a new default working hour form is created, the working hours tab is pre-populated with a

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  When a new default working hour form is created, the :guilabel:`Working Hours` tab is pre-populated with a
```

  default 40-hour week, with each day divided into three timed sections.

>   Every day has morning (8:00-12:00), lunch (12:00-13:00), and evening (13:00-17:00) hour

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  Every day has morning (8:00-12:00), lunch (12:00-13:00), and evening (13:00-17:00) hours
```

  configured, using a 24 hour time format.

  To adjust any of these hours, click on the specific field to adjust, and make the adjustment using
  the drop-down menus, or in the specific case of the times, type in the desired time.

  Keep in mind, working hours are company-specific, and cannot be shared between companies. Each
  company needs to have their own working hours set.

  .. note::
     If the working hours are not consistent each week, and the hours are on a bi-weekly schedule
     instead, click the :guilabel:`Switch to 2 week calendar` button at the top of the new default

>      working hours form. This changes the working hours tab to display two weeks of working times

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
     working hours form. This changes the :guilabel:`Working Hours` tab to display two weeks of working times
```
friendly reminder: all tab names get a GUI 👍

The required fields for a rule are:

- :guilabel:`Name`: enter a name for the rule.
- :guilabel:`Category`: select a category the rule applies to from the drop-down menu, or enter a
  new one.
- :guilabel:`Code`: enter a code to be used for this new rule. It is recommended to coordinate with
  the accounting department for a code to use as this will affect accounting reports and payroll

>   processing.

Author: Because the form was SO massive with so many things to explain, I chose to list the "required fields" first, instead of going one by one. I thin it might have been because the doc was SO long! 

I do agree that it would be more thorough to have all the inputs here, so I will add them. Instead of organizing by 'required' and 'optional', I'll have it by section, and just say if a field is required in the explanations.

- :guilabel:`Salary Structure`: select a salary structure the rule applies to from the drop-down

>   menu, or enter a new one.

Author: See the above comment- I had originally only done the required fields, so it wasn't overwhelming, but I am redoing this section to include everything instead.

> - :guilabel:`Condition Based on`: in the :guilabel:`General` tab, select from the drop-down menu

Author: Agreed- now that I am including everything =)

To view all the rules, go to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Salary --> Rules`.
Click on a structure (such as :guilabel:`Regular Pay`) to view all the rules.

To make a new rule, click :guilabel:`New`. A new rule form appears. Enter the following information
in the fields.

Top section
~~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Rule Name`: enter a name for the rule. This field is required.
- :guilabel:`Category`: select a category the rule applies to from the drop-down menu, or enter a
  new one. This field is required.
- :guilabel:`Code`: enter a code to be used for this new rule. It is recommended to coordinate with
  the accounting department for a code to use as this affects accounting reports and payroll
  processing. This field is required.
- :guilabel:`Sequence`: enter a number indicating when this rule is calculated in the sequence of
  all other rules.
- :guilabel:`Salary Structure`: select a salary structure the rule applies to from the drop-down
  menu, or enter a new one. This field is required.

> - :guilabel:`Active`: enable this toggle so the rule is available for use. Disable the toggle to

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Active`: enable this toggle, so the rule is available for use. Disable the toggle to
```

>   hide the rule without deleting in the database.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  hide the rule without deleting it in the database.
```

  is entered beneath the selection), or a :guilabel:`Python Expression` (the code is entered beneath
  the selection). This field is required.

Computation
***********

- :guilabel:`Amount Type`: select from the drop-down menu whether the amount is a :guilabel:`Fixed
  Amount`, a :guilabel:`Percentage (%)`, or a :guilabel:`Python Code`. Depending on what is
  selected, the fixed amount, percentage, or Python code needs to be entered next. This field is
  required.

Company contribution
********************

- :guilabel:`Partner`: if another company financially contributes to this rule, select the company
  from the drop-down menu.

Description tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Provide any additional information in this tab to help clarify the rule. This tab only appears in
the rule form.

Accounting tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Debit Account`: select the debit account from the drop-down menu the rule affects.
- :guilabel:`Credit Account`: select the credit account from the drop-down menu the rule affects.
- :guilabel:`Not computed in net accountability`: tick the checkbox to delete the value of this rule
  in the `Net Salary` rule.

.. image:: payroll/new-rule.png

>    :align: center

Reviewer 4: I think this screenshot would be more useful between 'Top Section' and General Tab...

.. image:: payroll/input-type-new.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A new Input Type form filled in..

Salary attachment types
-----------------------

> Salary attachments, also thought of as wage garnishments, is money taken out of a payslip for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Salary attachments, also thought of as wage garnishments, are money taken out of a payslip for
```
If "are money" doesn't work on its own, I would try something like "are portions or earnings"

Author: I like "are portions of earnings" - so I combined what you suggested =)

   have meal vouchers. The opposite is true for someone hired under the :guilabel:`Intern` structure
   type. They would have meal vouchers available to them, not the use of a company car.

To make a new benefit, click the :guilabel:`New` button, and enter the information in the fields.
The required fields for a benefit are:

> - :guilabel:`Name`: Enter the name for the benefit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Name`: enter the name for the benefit.
```

> - :guilabel:`Related Type`: Select from the drop-down menu what type of benefit it is. Select from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Related Type`: select from the drop-down menu what type of benefit it is. Select from
```

  :guilabel:`Monthly Benefit in Kind`, :guilabel:`Monthly Benefits in Net`, :guilabel:`Monthly
  Benefits in Cash`, :guilabel:`Yearly Benefits in Cash`, or :guilabel:`Non Financial Benefits`.
- :guilabel:`Salary Structure Type`: Select from the drop-down menu which salary structure type this
  benefit applies to.

> - :guilabel:`Display Type`: Select from the drop-down menu how this benefit is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Display Type`: select from the drop-down menu how this benefit is displayed.
```

   have meal vouchers. The opposite is true for someone hired under the :guilabel:`Intern` structure
   type. They would have meal vouchers available to them, not the use of a company car.

To make a new benefit, click the :guilabel:`New` button, and enter the information in the fields.
The required fields for a benefit are:

> - :guilabel:`Name`: enter the name for the benefit.

Author: I followed the same logic for the rules, which was to explain the required fields only instead of all of it.  I am updating it so it matches the rules method of explaining everything. Also, for the image, I took an image of a pre-configured benefit in the runbot that made sense. I chose the internet subscription since it was small/easy to see, since big screen grabs are hard to take. But I understand your points- and addressed them. Thanks!

- :guilabel:`Related Type`: select from the drop-down menu what type of benefit it is. Select from

>   :guilabel:`Monthly Benefit in Kind`, :guilabel:`Monthly Benefits in Net`, :guilabel:`Monthly
>   Benefits in Cash`, :guilabel:`Yearly Benefits in Cash`, or :guilabel:`Non Financial Benefits`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Monthly Benefit in Kind`, :guilabel:`Monthly Benefit in Net`, :guilabel:`Monthly
  Benefit in Cash`, :guilabel:`Yearly Benefits in Cash`, or :guilabel:`Non Financial Benefits`.
```

- :guilabel:`Salary Structure Type`: select from the drop-down menu which salary structure type this
  benefit applies to.

> - :guilabel:`Display Type`: select from the drop-down menu how this benefit is displayed.

Reviewer 4: again, i feel like a lot of fields are being overlooked on this form. If there's a reason why, perhaps it would be best for the reader to know...?

Author: Agreed- i was only doing required fields. All updated!

.. image:: payroll/input-type-new.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A new Input Type form filled in.

Salary attachment types
-----------------------

> Salary attachments, also thought of as "wage garnishments", are portions of earnings taken out of a

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Salary attachments, also thought of as "wage garnishments," are portions of earnings taken out of a
```

payslip for something specific. Much like all other aspects of payroll configurations, the types of

> salary attachments **must**** be defined.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
salary attachments **must** be defined.
```

and :guilabel:`Resume`) specify what benefits can be offered to an employee in their salary package.

Depending on what information an employee enters (such as deductions, dependents, etc.), their
salary is adjusted accordingly. When an applicant applies for a job on the company website, the
sections under :guilabel:`Salary Package Configurator` directly affect what the applicant sees, and
what is populated, as the applicant enters information.

Benefits
--------

When offering potential employees a position, there can be certain benefits set in Odoo, in addition
to the salary, to make an offer more appealing (such as extra time off, the use of a company car,
reimbursement for a phone or internet, etc.).

To view the benefits, go to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Salary Package
Configurator: Benefits`. Benefits are grouped by :guilabel:`Structure type`, and the benefit listed
for a particular structure type is only available for that specific structure.

.. image:: payroll/benefits.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A list view of all the benefits available for each structure type.

> .. example::

Reviewer 4: this example seems repetitive. please ensure it only conveys the example being described once, please. Thanks!

Author: I understand what you mean, but I wanted to walk them through the example. So first, I explain what is where, and then I explain who gets what.  I shortened it a bit so it was less verbose

  benefit applies to. This field is required.
- :guilabel:`Unit of Measure`: select the metric that the benefit is granted, using the drop-down
  menu. The options are :guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Percent`, or :guilabel:`Currency`.

.. image:: payroll/new-benefit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A new benefit form filled out for an internet subscription.

Display section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Show Name`: tick the checkbox to have the benefit name appear in the salary package
  configurator.
- :guilabel:`Display Type`: select from the drop-down menu how this benefit is displayed. The
  options are :guilabel:`Always Selected`, :guilabel:`Dropdown`, :guilabel:`Dropdown Group`,
  :guilabel:`Slider`, :guilabel:`Radio Buttons`, :guilabel:`Manual Input`, or :guilabel:`Text`. This
  field is required.

  Depending on the selection made, additional configurations need to be made. For example, if
  :guilabel:`Radio Buttons` is selected, the individual radio buttons must be entered.
- :guilabel:`Icon`: an icon from the Font Awesome library can be visible for this benefit. Enter the
  text code for the icon in this field. For example, to display a suitcase icon, the code `fa

>   fa-suitcase` is entered on this line.

Author: Thank you! I wasn't sure about adding the outside link- I am glad you think it's a good addition. I'll make sure version 4 is the one we use.

.. note::
   An employee card can be thought of as an employee personnel file.

The *Personal Info* section lists all of the fields that are available to enter on the employee's

> card. To access this section, go to :menuselection:`Payroll --> Configuration --> Salary Package

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
card. To access this section, go to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Salary Package
```

Configurator: Personal Info`.

.. image:: payroll/personal-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A list of all the personal information that appears on the employee card to enter.

> To edit a personal info entry, select the entry from the list, and modify the personal info. To
> create a new personal info entry, click the :guilabel:`New` button.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To edit a personal info entry, select an entry from the list on the :guilabel:`Personal Info` page,
and modify the personal info on the form that appears.

To create a new personal info entry, click the :guilabel:`New` button.
```

> the drop-down menu. :guilabel:`Employee` populates the field by default, but the :guilabel:`Bank

Reviewer 4: please break-up the information/sentences from 675-682 into more digestible lines

Author: I lost track of the lines because I added SO MAY lines to this PR =D. I believe I have chopped everything up and did a quick scan of the doc to make sure nothing was too bulky in each paragraph, so I think this was addressed.

> .. note::

Reviewer 4: Not sure if this is just because I was using Runbot, but I was able to access the Resume page fairly easily. Just thought it was worth noting, just in case it actually is now available in non-Belgian markets

Author: OMG they added this in the recent release, but it wasn't listed in the release notes =D.  That's because this is tied into the US localization! I added the whole new section here =).

   Currently, the :guilabel:`Resume` feature found inside the :menuselection:`Payroll app -->

>    Configuration --> Salary Package Configurator: Resume` menu is still in development and only

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Configuration --> Salary Package Configurator: Resume` menu is still in development, and only
```

   serves a specific use case for Belgian markets. The documentation will be updated when this
   section has matured to more markets.

Jobs
====

Since the *Payroll* application is responsible for paying employees for specific job positions, the
complete list of job positions can be found in both the *Payroll* and *Recruitment* applications.

.. _payroll/job-positions:

Job positions
-------------

The job positions listed in the *Payroll* application are identical to the job positions listed in

> the *Recruitment* application. If a new job position is added in the *Recruitment* application, it

Reviewer 4: I feel like the first 3 sentences in this section are essentially saying the same thing. Are they all necessary?

Author: They are but they are slightly different- so I do think I'll keep them.

> is also visible in the *Payroll* application, and vice versa. To view the job positions, navigate to
> :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Jobs: Job Positions`. A list of all the job
> positions appear, along with the corresponding department.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
is also visible in the *Payroll* application, and vice versa.

To view the job positions, navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Jobs: Job
Positions`.

A list of all the job positions appear, along with the corresponding department, on the
:guilabel:`Job Position` page.
```

.. image:: payroll/job-positions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A list of all the job positions and corresponding departments.

> To create a new job description, click the :guilabel:`New` button and a job form appears. Enter the
> information on the form for the new position. The information is identical as to the information
> entered when creating a new job position in the *Recruitment* application. Refer to the
> :doc:`../hr/recruitment/new_job` document for more details on how to fill out this form.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To create a new job description, click the :guilabel:`New` button, and a blank job position form
appears.

On this form, proceed to enter the information related to this new job position. The information is
identical to the information entered when creating a new job position in the *Recruitment*
application.

Refer to the :doc:`../hr/recruitment/new_job` document for more details on how to fill out this
form.
```

Reviewer 4: Please add a Seealso admonition block to the links at the end of this doc :)

   have meal vouchers. The opposite is true for someone hired under the :guilabel:`Intern` structure
   type. They would have meal vouchers available to them, not the use of a company car.

To make a new benefit, click the :guilabel:`New` button, and enter the information in the fields on
the blank benefits form.

The various fields for creating a benefit are as follows:

General information section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Benefits`: enter the name for the benefit. This field is required.
- :guilabel:`Benefit Field`: select from the drop-down menu the corresponding type of field in the

>   contract for this benefit.

Reviewer 4: can this be reworded slightly? it reads a bit confusing in its current state.

Author: This was confusing to me, too! I reworded it.

- :guilabel:`Cost Field`: select from the drop-down menu the type of cost incurred by the company
  for this specific benefit. The default options are :guilabel:`Calendar Changed`, :guilabel:`Yearly
  Cost (Real)`, :guilabel:`Extra Time Off`, :guilabel:`Hourly Wage`, :guilabel:`Part Time`,
  :guilabel:`Wage`, :guilabel:`Wage with Holidays`, and :guilabel:`Work time rate`. Depending on the
  localization settings, additional options are available.
- :guilabel:`Related Type`: select from the drop-down menu what type of benefit it is. Select from
  :guilabel:`Monthly Benefit in Kind`, :guilabel:`Monthly Benefit in Net`, :guilabel:`Monthly
  Benefit in Cash`, :guilabel:`Yearly Benefits in Cash`, or :guilabel:`Non Financial Benefits`. This
  field is required.

> - :guilabel:`Benefit Field`: select from the drop-down menu the field on the contract the benefit

Reviewer 4: is this a duplicate mention of the 'Benefit Field'?

Author: See the other comment- yes and no. They are similar but different and should not really be showing, but they do, currently.

  appears.
- :guilabel:`Cost Field`: select the field on the contract that the cost of the benefit is linked
  to, using the drop-down menu. If this field is left blank, the cost of the benefit is not computed

>   in the employee budget.

Reviewer 4: is this also a duplicate mention?

Author: These are similar but different- the first mentions are a reference, while the second instance of these fields are the specific placeholders on the contract. it is REALLY odd and it should NOT appear, but it does. I have a ticket in for this currently, but since they show up, I included them.

  :guilabel:`Slider`, :guilabel:`Radio Buttons`, :guilabel:`Manual Input`, or :guilabel:`Text`. This
  field is required.

  Depending on the selection made, additional configurations need to be made. For example, if
  :guilabel:`Radio Buttons` is selected, the individual radio buttons must be entered.
- :guilabel:`Icon`: an icon from the Font Awesome library can be visible for this benefit. Enter the
  text code for the icon in this field. For example, to display a suitcase icon, the code `fa
  fa-suitcase` is entered on this line.
- :guilabel:`Hide Description`: tick the checkbox to hide the benefit description if the benefit is
  not selected by the employee.
- :guilabel:`Folded`: if the benefit should be folded, or hidden, because it is dependant on another
  benefit selection, tick the checkbox. The following fields appear when this is active:

  - :guilabel:`Fold Label`: enter a name for the folded section of the benefit.
  - :guilabel:`Fold Res Field`: select the contract field this benefit is tied to using the
    drop-down menu. If this field is selected on the contract, then this benefit becomes visible.

Activity section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - :guilabel:`Activity Type`: select the activity type that is automatically created when this
>   benefit is selected by the employee, from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Activity Type`: from the drop-down menu, select the activity type that is automatically created when this
  benefit is selected by the employee.
```

- :guilabel:`Activity Creation`: select when the activity is created, either when the
  :guilabel:`Employee signs his contract`, or when the :guilabel:`Contract is countersigned`. Click
  the radio button next to the desired selection.
- :guilabel:`Activity Creation Type`: select the parameters for when the activity is created, either

>   :guilabel:`When the benefit is set`, or :guilabel:`When the benefit is modified`. Click the radio

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`When the benefit is set` or :guilabel:`When the benefit is modified`. Click the radio
```

  button next to the desired selection.
- :guilabel:`Assigned to`: select the user the activity is automatically assigned to, using the
  drop-down menu.

Sign section
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- :guilabel:`Template to Sign`: if the employee is required to sign a document when selecting this
  benefit, select the document template from the drop-down menu.

  For example, a benefit regarding the use of a company car may require the employee to sign a
  document acknowledging the company's car policies.

Description tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Provide any additional information in this tab to help clarify the benefit.

.. image:: payroll/new-benefit.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: A new benefit form filled out for an internet subscription.

Reviewer 4: is this screenshot in the correct spot? Is this a shot of the Description tab? If not, I'd suggest moving it to a more appropriate place in the doc. Thanks! 👍

Author: I typically put the form at the bottom of all the explanations for the form, but I moved it to under the general/top section.

complete list of job positions can be found in both the *Payroll* and *Recruitment* applications.

.. _payroll/job-positions:

Job positions
-------------

The job positions listed in the *Payroll* application are identical to the job positions listed in
the *Recruitment* application. If a new job position is added in the *Recruitment* application, it
is also visible in the *Payroll* application, and vice versa.

To view the job positions, navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Jobs: Job
Positions`.

A list of all the job positions appear, along with the corresponding department, on the
:guilabel:`Job Position` page.

.. image:: payroll/job-positions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A list of all the job positions and corresponding departments.

To create a new job description, click the :guilabel:`New` button and a job form appears.

Enter the information on the form for the new position. The information is identical as to the
information entered when creating a new job position in the *Recruitment* application.

Refer to the :doc:`../hr/recruitment/new_job` documentation for more details on how to fill out this
form.

> .. seealso::
>    .. toctree::
>       :titlesonly:
> 
>       payroll/contracts
>       payroll/payslips
>       payroll/work_entries
>       payroll/reporting

Reviewer 2: This was a cool idea to include the TOC in the seealso, but I'd feel better about it technically speaking if we just include the docs normally through a doc link. 

You will also need to remove the `:show-toc:` tag from the top of the doc :)

```suggestion
.. seealso::
   - :doc:`payroll/reporting`
   - :doc:`payroll/contracts`
   - :doc:`payroll/payslips`
   - :doc:`payroll/work_entries`

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:

   payroll/reporting
   payroll/contracts
   payroll/payslips
   payroll/work_entries
```

.. note::
   An employee card can be thought of as an employee personnel file.

> The *Personal Info* section lists all of the fields that are available to enter on the employee's

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Personal Info` section lists all of the fields that are available to enter on the employee's
```
remember to always add a GUI to anything that can be directly seen on the UI

card. To access this section, go to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Salary Package
Configurator: Personal Info`.

.. image:: payroll/personal-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A list of all the personal information that appears on the employee card to enter.

To edit a personal info entry, select an entry from the list on the :guilabel:`Personal Info` page,
and modify the personal info on the form that appears.

To create a new personal info entry, click the :guilabel:`New` button.

The required fields, aside from entering the :guilabel:`Information` name, are :guilabel:`Related
Model`, :guilabel:`Related Field`, and :guilabel:`Category`.

Select a :guilabel:`Related Model` from the drop-down menu. :guilabel:`Employee` populates the field

> by default, but the :guilabel:`Bank Account` option is also available if the information is related
> to a bank account instead.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
by default, but the :guilabel:`Bank Account` option is also available, if the information is related
to a bank account, instead.
```

Select a :guilabel:`Related Field` from the drop-down menu that best describes what kind of personal
information this entry is, and where it is stored in the backend. Then, select a
:guilabel:`Category` from the drop-down menu that the personal information should be under, such as
:guilabel:`Address` or :guilabel:`Personal Documents`.

The two most important fields on the personal info form are :guilabel:`Is Required` and
:guilabel:`Display Type`.

Checking the :guilabel:`Is Required` box makes the field mandatory on the employee's card. The
:guilabel:`Display Type` drop-down menu allows for the information to be entered in a variety of

> ways, from a :guilabel:`Text` box, to a customizable :guilabel:`Radio` button, a
> :guilabel:`Checkbox`, a :guilabel:`Document`, and more.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
ways, like a :guilabel:`Text` box, a customizable :guilabel:`Radio` button, a
:guilabel:`Checkbox`, a :guilabel:`Document`, and more.
```

how salary information rules are configured when offering a position to potential employees.

When an offer is sent to a prospective employee, the values for the offer are computed from these
settings, and appear on the offer page.

To configure this section, navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Salary
Package Configurator: Resumé`.

By default, there are three :guilabel:`Salary Structure Types` pre-configured in Odoo:
:guilabel:`Worker`, :guilabel:`Employee`, and :guilabel:`None`.

Each :guilabel:`Salary Structure Type` has several rules configured. These affect how an offer is
calculated using that particular :guilabel:`Salary Structure Type`.

To create a new rule, click the :guilabel:`New` button, and a blank :guilabel:`Contract Salary
Resumé` form loads.

Enter the following information on the form:

- :guilabel:`Information`: type in a name for this field.
- :guilabel:`Category`: select the category this value is housed under, using the drop-down menu.
  The default options are :guilabel:`Monthly Salary`, :guilabel:`Monthly Benefits`,
  :guilabel:`Yearly Benefits`, and :guilabel:`Total`.

>   New categories can be made if needed. Click the :guilabel:`New` button, then enter the name for
>   the new category in the :guilabel:`Name` field. Next, select the :guilabel:`Periodicity` from the
>   drop-down menu, either :guilabel:`Monthly` or :guilabel:`Yearly`. Last, enter a number for the
>   sequence. This corresponds to where this rule appears in the  :guilabel:`Salary Structure Type`
>   rule list. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save & Close`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  New categories can be made, if needed. 
  
  Click the :guilabel:`New` button, then enter the name for the new category in the :guilabel:`Name`
  field. Next, select the :guilabel:`Periodicity` from the drop-down menu, either
  :guilabel:`Monthly` or :guilabel:`Yearly`. Last, enter a number for the sequence. This corresponds
  to where this rule appears in the  :guilabel:`Salary Structure Type` rule list.
  
  Finally, click :guilabel:`Save & Close`.
```

  :guilabel:`Sum of Benefits Values`, and :guilabel:`Monthly Total`.
- :guilabel:`Code`: select the code this rule applies to from the drop-down menu.

.. image:: payroll/resume-net.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The net wage rule form filled out, with all the information for net pay.

Jobs
====

Since the *Payroll* application is responsible for paying employees for specific job positions, the
complete list of job positions can be found in both the *Payroll* and *Recruitment* applications.

.. _payroll/job-positions:

Job positions
-------------

The job positions listed in the *Payroll* application are identical to the job positions listed in
the *Recruitment* application. If a new job position is added in the *Recruitment* application, it
is also visible in the *Payroll* application, and vice versa.

To view the job positions, navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Configuration --> Jobs: Job
Positions`.

A list of all the job positions appear, along with the corresponding department, on the
:guilabel:`Job Position` page.

.. image:: payroll/job-positions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A list of all the job positions and corresponding departments.

> To create a new job description, click the :guilabel:`New` button and a job form appears. Enter the
> information on the form for the new position. The information is identical as to the information
> entered when creating a new job position in the *Recruitment* application. Refer to the
> :doc:`../hr/recruitment/new_job` document for more details on how to fill out this form.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To create a new job description, click the :guilabel:`New` button, and a job form appears.

Enter the information on the form for the new position. The information is identical to the
information entered when creating a new job position in the *Recruitment* application.

Refer to the :doc:`../hr/recruitment/new_job` documentation for more details on how to fill out this
form.
```

Reviewer 4: please make this change during your next revision. I think it may have gotten overlooked last time. Thanks!
